---
{"dg-home":false,"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-notes/2022-06-23/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

# Morning Worship
[[Judul Besar Pelajaran/THE END OF THE LAW|THE END OF THE LAW]]
[[Renungan dan Teguran/Malaikat Kabarkan Gospel|Malaikat Kabarkan Gospel]]

# KKR REVIEW

1 Tim 1:5 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Romans 1
***



###### 1 
Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God, 

###### 2 
(Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,) 

###### 3 
Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh; 

###### 4 
And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead: 

###### 5 
By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name: 

###### 6 
Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ: 

###### 7 
To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ. 

###### 8 
First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world. 

###### 9 
For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers; 

###### 10 
Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you. 

###### 11 
For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established; 

###### 12 
That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me. 

###### 13 
Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles. 

###### 14 
I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise. 

###### 15 
So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also. 

###### 16 
For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek. 

###### 17 
For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith. 

###### 18 
For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness; 

###### 19 
Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them. 

###### 20 
For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse: 

###### 21 
Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened. 

###### 22 
Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, 

###### 23 
And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things. 

###### 24 
Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves: 

###### 25 
Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen. 

###### 26 
For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature: 

###### 27 
And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet. 

###### 28 
And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient; 

###### 29 
Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers, 

###### 30 
Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents, 

###### 31 
Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful: 

###### 32 
Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.


</div></div>

Rom 10:4 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Romans 10
***



###### 1 
Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved. 

###### 2 
For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge. 

###### 3 
For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God. 

###### 4 
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth. 

###### 5 
For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them. 

###### 6 
But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down from above:) 

###### 7 
Or, Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.) 

###### 8 
But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach; 

###### 9 
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 

###### 10 
For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. 

###### 11 
For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. 

###### 12 
For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. 

###### 13 
For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. 

###### 14 
How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher? 

###### 15 
And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things! 

###### 16 
But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report? 

###### 17 
So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God. 

###### 18 
But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily, their sound went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world. 

###### 19 
But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you. 

###### 20 
But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me. 

###### 21 
But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people.


</div></div>

Gal 5:14 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Galatians 5
***



###### 1 
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. 

###### 2 
Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing. 

###### 3 
For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law. 

###### 4 
Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace. 

###### 5 
For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith. 

###### 6 
For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love. 

###### 7 
Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth? 

###### 8 
This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you. 

###### 9 
A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump. 

###### 10 
I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be. 

###### 11 
And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased. 

###### 12 
I would they were even cut off which trouble you. 

###### 13 
For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another. 

###### 14 
For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 

###### 15 
But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another. 

###### 16 
This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh. 

###### 17 
For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would. 

###### 18 
But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law. 

###### 19 
Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, 

###### 20 
Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, 

###### 21 
Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. 

###### 22 
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 

###### 23 
Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law. 

###### 24 
And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. 

###### 25 
If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. 

###### 26 
Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.


</div></div>

Joh 14:8 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# John 14
***



###### 1 
Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me. 

###### 2 
In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. 

###### 3 
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also. 

###### 4 
And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know. 

###### 5 
Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way? 

###### 6 
Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. 

###### 7 
If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him. 

###### 8 
Philip saith unto him, Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us. 

###### 9 
Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father? 

###### 10 
Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. 

###### 11 
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake. 

###### 12 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father. 

###### 13 
And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. 

###### 14 
If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it. 

###### 15 
If ye love me, keep my commandments. 

###### 16 
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; 

###### 17 
Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. 

###### 18 
I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you. 

###### 19 
Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also. 

###### 20 
At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you. 

###### 21 
He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. 

###### 22 
Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? 

###### 23 
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 

###### 24 
He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me. 

###### 25 
These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. 

###### 26 
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. 

###### 27 
Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. 

###### 28 
Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I. 

###### 29 
And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe. 

###### 30 
Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me. 

###### 31 
But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.


</div></div>

Joh 1:18 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# John 1
***



###### 1 
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. 

###### 2 
The same was in the beginning with God. 

###### 3 
All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made. 

###### 4 
In him was life; and the life was the light of men. 

###### 5 
And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not. 

###### 6 
There was a man sent from God, whose name was John. 

###### 7 
The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe. 

###### 8 
He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light. 

###### 9 
That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world. 

###### 10 
He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. 

###### 11 
He came unto his own, and his own received him not. 

###### 12 
But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name: 

###### 13 
Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. 

###### 14 
And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth. 

###### 15 
John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me. 

###### 16 
And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace. 

###### 17 
For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. 

###### 18 
No man hath seen God at any time, the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him. 

###### 19 
And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou? 

###### 20 
And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ. 

###### 21 
And they asked him, What then? Art thou Elias? And he saith, I am not. Art thou that prophet? And he answered, No. 

###### 22 
Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What sayest thou of thyself? 

###### 23 
He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias. 

###### 24 
And they which were sent were of the Pharisees. 

###### 25 
And they asked him, and said unto him, Why baptizest thou then, if thou be not that Christ, nor Elias, neither that prophet? 

###### 26 
John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not; 

###### 27 
He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose. 

###### 28 
These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing. 

###### 29 
The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world. 

###### 30 
This is he of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me. 

###### 31 
And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water. 

###### 32 
And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him. 

###### 33 
And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost. 

###### 34 
And I saw, and bare record that this is the Son of God. 

###### 35 
Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples; 

###### 36 
And looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God! 

###### 37 
And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus. 

###### 38 
Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwellest thou? 

###### 39 
He saith unto them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour. 

###### 40 
One of the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother. 

###### 41 
He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ. 

###### 42 
And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone. 

###### 43 
The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me. 

###### 44 
Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter. 

###### 45 
Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. 

###### 46 
And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see. 

###### 47 
Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile! 

###### 48 
Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee. 

###### 49 
Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel. 

###### 50 
Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these. 

###### 51 
And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.


</div></div>

Col 1:15 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Colossians 1
***



###### 1 
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother, 

###### 2 
To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. 

###### 3 
We give thanks to God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you, 

###### 4 
Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints, 

###### 5 
For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel; 

###### 6 
Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth: 

###### 7 
As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ; 

###### 8 
Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit. 

###### 9 
For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding; 

###### 10 
That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God; 

###### 11 
Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness; 

###### 12 
Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light: 

###### 13 
Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son: 

###### 14 
In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins: 

###### 15 
Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature: 

###### 16 
For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him: 

###### 17 
And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. 

###### 18 
And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence. 

###### 19 
For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell; 

###### 20 
And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven. 

###### 21 
And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled 

###### 22 
In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight: 

###### 23 
If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven; whereof I Paul am made a minister; 

###### 24 
Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church: 

###### 25 
Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God; 

###### 26 
Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints: 

###### 27 
To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory: 

###### 28 
Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus: 

###### 29 
Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.


</div></div>

Heb 1:3 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Hebrews 1
***



###### 1 
God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, 

###### 2 
Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds; 

###### 3 
Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high: 

###### 4 
Being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they. 

###### 5 
For unto which of the angels said he at any time, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a Father, and he shall be to me a Son? 

###### 6 
And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him. 

###### 7 
And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire. 

###### 8 
But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom. 

###### 9 
Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows. 

###### 10 
And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands: 

###### 11 
They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment; 

###### 12 
And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail. 

###### 13 
But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool? 

###### 14 
Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?


</div></div>

Joh 14:9,10 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# John 14
***



###### 1 
Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me. 

###### 2 
In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. 

###### 3 
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also. 

###### 4 
And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know. 

###### 5 
Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way? 

###### 6 
Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. 

###### 7 
If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him. 

###### 8 
Philip saith unto him, Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us. 

###### 9 
Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father? 

###### 10 
Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. 

###### 11 
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake. 

###### 12 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father. 

###### 13 
And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. 

###### 14 
If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it. 

###### 15 
If ye love me, keep my commandments. 

###### 16 
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; 

###### 17 
Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. 

###### 18 
I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you. 

###### 19 
Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also. 

###### 20 
At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you. 

###### 21 
He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. 

###### 22 
Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? 

###### 23 
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 

###### 24 
He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me. 

###### 25 
These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. 

###### 26 
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. 

###### 27 
Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. 

###### 28 
Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I. 

###### 29 
And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe. 

###### 30 
Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me. 

###### 31 
But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.


</div></div>


Heb 5:8 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Hebrews 5
***



###### 1 
For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins: 

###### 2 
Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity. 

###### 3 
And by reason hereof he ought, as for the people, so also for himself, to offer for sins. 

###### 4 
And no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron. 

###### 5 
So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest; but he that said unto him, Thou art my Son, to day have I begotten thee. 

###### 6 
As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec. 

###### 7 
Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared; 

###### 8 
Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered; 

###### 9 
And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him; 

###### 10 
Called of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec. 

###### 11 
Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing. 

###### 12 
For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat. 

###### 13 
For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe. 

###### 14 
But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil.


</div></div>

Tuhan Yesuslah the End of The Law , karena mencapai esempurnaan dari 0 menjadi bertumbuh
Saya hanya terima jadi dan perlu ungkapkan saja.

Tapi Karakter Kristus sudah ada sebelumnya.

Bu Rian :

Yesus itu belajar dari Tidak ada menjadi ada. Sedangkan saya hanya terima dan perlu ungkapkan

Mat 7:21 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Matthew 7
***



###### 1 
Judge not, that ye be not judged. 

###### 2 
For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again. 

###### 3 
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? 

###### 4 
Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye? 

###### 5 
Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye. 

###### 6 
Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you. 

###### 7 
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: 

###### 8 
For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened. 

###### 9 
Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone? 

###### 10 
Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? 

###### 11 
If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him? 

###### 12 
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets. 

###### 13 
Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: 

###### 14 
Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it. 

###### 15 
Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. 

###### 16 
Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? 

###### 17 
Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. 

###### 18 
A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. 

###### 19 
Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire. 

###### 20 
Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. 

###### 21 
Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. 

###### 22 
Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works? 

###### 23 
And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity. 

###### 24 
Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock: 

###### 25 
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock. 

###### 26 
And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand: 

###### 27 
And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it. 

###### 28 
And it came to pass, when Jesus had ended these sayings, the people were astonished at his doctrine: 

###### 29 
For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.


</div></div>

Bukankah yang kita bikin benar tapi apa gunanya hasil kerja kamu iniquity (dongkol) atau no charity.

Artinya hukum itu ada dua bagian : yang kamu baca dan yang kamu terapkan.
Contoh Saya sudah bernubuat tapi orang yang bernubuat yang sesuai dengan hukum adalah orang orang yang  mempunyai charity.
Kalau kamu masih melayani dahging artinya masih menurut hukum.
Artinya hukum itu dipelihara kalau kita memiliki Grace

Apa gunanya hari Sabat kalau kita masih punya idih-idih.

Kebenaran hukumnya kalau saya dituntunnya berdasarkan Roh bukan tinggi hati.

Itu yang membedakan Tuhan Tuhan dan yang melakukan kehendak Bapa.

Saya berbuat baik itu bersandiwara atau mengungkapkan kebaikan Kristus.

Gal 5:14 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# Galatians 5
***



###### 1 
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. 

###### 2 
Behold, I Paul say unto you, that if ye be circumcised, Christ shall profit you nothing. 

###### 3 
For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law. 

###### 4 
Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace. 

###### 5 
For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith. 

###### 6 
For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love. 

###### 7 
Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth? 

###### 8 
This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you. 

###### 9 
A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump. 

###### 10 
I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be. 

###### 11 
And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased. 

###### 12 
I would they were even cut off which trouble you. 

###### 13 
For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another. 

###### 14 
For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 

###### 15 
But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another. 

###### 16 
This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh. 

###### 17 
For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would. 

###### 18 
But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law. 

###### 19 
Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, 

###### 20 
Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, 

###### 21 
Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. 

###### 22 
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 

###### 23 
Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law. 

###### 24 
And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. 

###### 25 
If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. 

###### 26 
Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.


</div></div>

Fullfilled = The End

Tuhan Yesus  datang bukan mau mengakhirinya tapi saya mau mengungkapkan puncak itu adalah Agape. Agape itu diungkpakan dengan memenuhi tuntutan dari Law

Karena Agape itu adalah saya yang mati untuk kamu. 

Tuntutan hukum adalah saya harus Agape supaya orang lain bisa selamat.

Saat umat Tuhan mati karena itulah The End of The Law

Jadi kalau pikir aduh saya harus mati = Slefish amat.

Karena melalui kematian saya dia terima pekabaran ini.
 Apakah Christ fullfill the end of the Law?
Jangan coba coba hasilkan The End of The Law, terima saja. 
John 14:8 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# John 14
***



###### 1 
Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me. 

###### 2 
In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. 

###### 3 
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also. 

###### 4 
And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know. 

###### 5 
Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way? 

###### 6 
Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. 

###### 7 
If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him. 

###### 8 
Philip saith unto him, Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us. 

###### 9 
Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father? 

###### 10 
Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. 

###### 11 
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake. 

###### 12 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father. 

###### 13 
And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. 

###### 14 
If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it. 

###### 15 
If ye love me, keep my commandments. 

###### 16 
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; 

###### 17 
Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. 

###### 18 
I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you. 

###### 19 
Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also. 

###### 20 
At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you. 

###### 21 
He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. 

###### 22 
Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? 

###### 23 
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 

###### 24 
He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me. 

###### 25 
These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. 

###### 26 
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. 

###### 27 
Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. 

###### 28 
Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I. 

###### 29 
And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe. 

###### 30 
Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me. 

###### 31 
But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.


</div></div>

Tunjukkan Bapa dan itu cukup. Philip tidak mengerti apa yang dia tanyakan.
Yang dia tanyakan harusnya tunjukkan The End of  The Law. Anaknya satu satunya yang bisa tunjukkan
Lihat Bapa lihat Saya, Lihat Saya lihat Bapa.

YEsus datang untuk tunjukkan Bapa yaitu Love Bapa
John 14:10 
<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><div class="markdown-embed">

<div class="markdown-embed-title">



</div>

# John 14
***



###### 1 
Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me. 

###### 2 
In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. 

###### 3 
And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also. 

###### 4 
And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know. 

###### 5 
Thomas saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the way? 

###### 6 
Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. 

###### 7 
If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him. 

###### 8 
Philip saith unto him, Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us. 

###### 9 
Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father? 

###### 10 
Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. 

###### 11 
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake. 

###### 12 
Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father. 

###### 13 
And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. 

###### 14 
If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it. 

###### 15 
If ye love me, keep my commandments. 

###### 16 
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; 

###### 17 
Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. 

###### 18 
I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you. 

###### 19 
Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also. 

###### 20 
At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you. 

###### 21 
He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. 

###### 22 
Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? 

###### 23 
Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. 

###### 24 
He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me. 

###### 25 
These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. 

###### 26 
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. 

###### 27 
Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. 

###### 28 
Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I. 

###### 29 
And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe. 

###### 30 
Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me. 

###### 31 
But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.


</div></div>

Bapalah  yang bekerja.
Dengan terima Tuhan Yesus itu terima Bapa.

Kalau percaya Trinitas artinya tolak Salib, tolak power God, worship other God, tidak terima hujan akhir, perlu dengar Elijah akhir zaman.


Jadi ngapain lihat Bapa kalau Anak bisa unggapkan Agape Bapa

Kalau orang worship unknown God sekarang worship known God artinya dia sungguh-sungguh (zealos) jujur (honest)  dalam prinsip yang benar sehingga pekabaran-pekabaran palsu itu tidak bisa membendung kebenaran.

Artinya orang yang jujur tidak bisa puas dan akan puas hanya oleh Gospel

Artinya bisa tidak mereka tidak kabarkan?

Artinya jika mereka jujur akan langsung klik ketika dengar kebenaran.

Ada umat Tuhan yang jujur di gereja-gereja lain yang sudah jatuh mereka melihat kebenaran yang remnant kabarkan sehingga mereka akan keluar dan senang mendengar pekabaran bergabung bersama sama dengan remnant.

Setan tahu ini dan bikin KKR palsu supaya orang yang jujur tidak bisa keluar. Tetapi orang yang jujur akan bisa membedakan mana yang palsu dan yang benar. Mereka keluar dan bergabung dengan umat Tuhan.


















